c:\users\guitared\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\guitared\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\guitared\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
c:\users\guitared\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
c:\users\guitared\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\users\guitared\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\guitared\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\guitared\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\guitared\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\PCLWebUtility.dll
c:\users\guitared\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Controllers.dll
c:\users\guitared\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Core.dll
c:\users\guitared\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Credentials.dll
c:\users\guitared\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.dll
c:\users\guitared\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Factories.dll
c:\users\guitared\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Logic.dll
c:\users\guitared\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Security.dll
c:\users\guitared\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Streams.dll
c:\users\guitared\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.WebLogic.dll
c:\users\guitared\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
c:\users\guitared\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Guitared\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe.config
C:\Users\Guitared\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.exe
C:\Users\Guitared\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication1\ConsoleApplication1\obj\Debug\ConsoleApplication1.pdb
